five-year-old brainy's Parrish wrench
race of all these they're all his brand
raised from all Zephyrs and never makes
it any other calendar they're all raised
the same deal they're all five-year-olds
raised a ball they have really nice
Sharlee and then Frankie's calves Thank
You Charlene a nice kiss go back same
way there's only 18 this pastor he's got
87 total let's get Ronnie dark so I'm
jumped out to pitch these girls here we
run back the Charlize Bulls off already
cuz soon these all be three ones you're
all five-year-old girls again the
rancher has 18 he's exactly he has 80 in
the group 18 this pasture the exact same
cattle they're all raised together
they're all one deal nice smoky and
black cats all the kids that work Cal's
at current back same current all five
year olds already on same deal as you
can probably tell the sun's going down
either hurry take the video night the
cows are tagged like they're cast o one
deal again the rancher does have does
have 80 some of these girls he bought
him is Harry tell me raised this I
bought but all his heifers good run
together since there were calves nice
keep it straight five-year-olds know the
cattle have been with these girls are
straight five-year-olds all raised here
on the ranch 18 head in this pasture can
he has 80 some odd you know getting
don't get dark in the summer in the
woods so I just his first 18 we're
little tribe together so I took video
these girls getting the wretched does
have a some of these girls
here's more that this is a different day
the video the first thing that was they
yesterday and this is today in the
afternoon so it's the same hoop of cows
is different pasture being they're all
brave these this year they're these five
girls are all bred to bring its Bulls
last year that Sharlee and Angus bulls
this year all brand abramius then it's a
different pasture of them they have a
few break fruits mixed in with these but
and then at the end of video you'll see
another fifty more so there's 80 some of
these are all five-year-olds most helped
me raise the ones who didn't raise he
bought them as weaned heifers and groom
out same so they're the run Joe's into
babies give them a really good Frankish
bull just isn't bringing it full of
breeding in a while but most these girls
should be three ones
anyway I'm playing the hobbits keep
watching video get to Mister to three
minutes a good video thanks for your
time suppose back to Good Charlotte bull
on shrubs are good Brian's Bulls again
is Rancher raised mostly females they're
all kind of five years old back all of
me year Brandon seventy some on
frankness 25 F ones here and again he
raised them he's aren't look together
deals he just recent is time to sell
this ranching cow so coloring eggs on
flesh and good country again I said
earlier he has any more of these brains
to the other place for all
five-year-olds
they're mini callus balls about to take
care of some business handy app it in
this bowl handy your business to
brandish Bulls know obviously be company
sprang his service boy I tell you
whether you'll love these brains Bulls
back on these brave fruits I'm sitting
the brains gonna work - on the ball
theses I like this maybe no here in the
south and Ranga steers you just offered
you crazy fancy hair for life as
different replacement policy see the
heifers off these cattle would
definitely be the keeping kind if you're
looking to develop your own genetics we
keep these here look askance pranks go
out there in man their gel aren't they
this whole Jim was heard they're all
used to keep they cube them and they're
also broke to death it handles we kill
enough you know so they're not crazy
good Callaghan again I'm gonna break
this videos down in several different
segments to be a segment of these these
good bring his cows I have some Rayford
video and then he has a promise to most
account will be damn sure good brain
uses or break for bears f-100 do good
job Bulls are working come on bull
you just bread that calories kind of
gunshot out come on let's find some more
these good go there you go see having a
minute oh oh oh thank you Tom Davis much